Ever have that thing
where you think you know someone
as well as you could
possibly know anyone, and then,
one day, it's just clear as day,
you were totally fucking wrong?
They won't stop.
They'll go after Andy.
I can't just sit here and do nothing.
Why'd you change your mind?
I guess if I can reach just one person
who might be thinking of hurting someone,
then a little good
will have come of all this.
- Hello?
- Hello, Jane.
Do you know Paula Koontz?
No, I've never heard of her.
Is Charlie who he says he is?
It's complicated, Andy.
You know a lot of things
you never told me.
I'm calling about Laura and Andy.
I'd like to see Geraldine Ross.
I'm making a documentary
on sentencing reform,
and I want to talk to Paula.
Sorry.
Hey, Jane. You've been busy.
Professor Alex Maplecroft.
University of, uh, California, Berkeley.
- My panel starts at 2:00.
- Identification, please.
Remember.
You're a professor of economics
at a prestigious American university.
May I search your bag?
Yes, of course.
You look the part,
so play the part.
Please remain inside the building.
Everyone will believe
you are who you say you are.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the next panel
will commence in 15 minutes.
The dye pack is primed to go.
I'll be in the audience,
ready to press the detonator.
As the image of Martin Queller
covered in symbolic blood
will be on the front page
of every paper around the world,
everyone will know
what happened to your family.
If there needs to be
a change of plan, I'll be there.
Whatever it takes to bring him down.
Professor Maplecroft?
I've been looking for you.
About time we met in person.
- Mr. Queller.
- Actually, it's Dr. Queller.
Johns Hopkins saw fit to give me
an honorary degree last year.
Hmm, did they?
I endowed a chair in psychiatric studies
in honor of my late wife.
- I'm sorry. I didn't know, I--
- What you don't know could fill a book.
In fact, it already has. Several.
- Most of them about me.
Our panel starts soon.
Why don't we continue this discussion
there like civilized people?
A plea for decorum from the woman
who compares my corporation
to the Third Reich.
Oslo is crawling with media.
Why don't we save the fireworks for them?
That's what we're here for, isn't it?
To put on a good show.
- Here to see Paula Kunde?
- Yes.
Thank you.
You're not Sheila.
Sorry. It was the only way
I could see you on short notice.
My name's Anne Jefferson, I'm a reporter.
Are you here about my appeal?
- Uh, no.
- Okay, get the fuck out.
Uh, two minutes, and I'll get you whatever
you want from the commissary.
I mean it, whatever you want.
Nike, size eight.
- Okay.
- Lotion.
Rolos.
And a carton of Camels.
- Two minutes. Go.
- Yeah, uh…
Do you know this woman?
Daniela Cooper?
She goes by Laura Oliver.
She's a speech therapist in Georgia.
Are you sure?
- I told you.
- She said your name.
- Yeah, we're done here.
- Wait.
You should leave.
I'm about to get very loud.
Hold on. What about this one?
- What's… What's this?
- Uh, nothing, it's…
It's my mother.
From a long time ago.
She send you?
To check up on me?
She's scared that I'm gonna get out soon.
Pay her a visit.
You tell Jane… to go to hell.
- Who's Jane?
- You fucking liar!
- Tell Jane, I'm gonna fucking kill her.
- Stop!
- Do you hear me? She's fucking dead!
- Settle down!
- That rich Queller bitch!
- Let's go!
She's fucking dead!
Morning.
Get some sleep?
You should come upstairs,
when you're ready.
- 'Sup?
- Hey, man.
Who the fuck are you,
and why are you following me?
Put the gun down.
Answer me.
I will. As soon as you put the gun down.
Where's your weapon?
It's in my jacket.
Take it.
- I'm a cop.
- Bullshit.
I'm around cops all day. You're not a cop.
My badge is here in my pocket.
I can show you.
Okay.
My name's Michael Vargas.
I'm a US Marshal.
Well, why would a US Marshal
be following me across four states?
Because you and your mother
are in witness protection.
In there.
Come on.
Here.
Hands on the table.
Afraid I might stab you with a chopstick?
After you walked me
through a kitchen full of knives?
You realize how easy
it would have been for me to grab one?
- Get you something?
- In a minute.
Sorry, did you want to order a beer?
Apparently, the Marshals
let their agents drink on the job.
I figured you were in for the night.
Never did I think
you'd walk into that bar.
Your tragic little story about not getting
to play soldier, what was that?
I was being who you wanted me to be.
I dumped that car,
and you still managed to follow me.
It's my phone, isn't it?
Jesus.
Okay.
How long?
How long, what?
Have I been… in protection?
Your whole life.
Hey.
There are people out there
who could hurt you.
Hurt your mom.
Because she's a Queller?
I don't know the details, all right?
I'm just here to assist.
Okay. Then do something for me.
Jasper Queller's holding
a private fundraiser in El Paso tomorrow.
I need you to get me in.
Why?
Can you make it happen or not?
You want me to get you a meeting
with Jeff Bezos while I'm at it?
Well, I guess
I'll just barge in on my own.
You can watch me get arrested, shot,
or whatever they do to people in Texas.
I got a buddy
who works in private security.
He may know someone on Queller's detail.
That's it? A friend of a friend?
Yeah, that's it.
Okay.
Andy paid me a visit
the other day.
A bit of a surprise, to say the least.
How was she?
Her whole world's turned upside down.
I think you know the feeling.
Told me all about your storage unit.
Suitcase full of money.
Also said someone broke into the house.
Hmm. It's nothing, just some… reporter.
You're sure it wasn't Nick Harp?
This is Felix, from D.C.
We've completed
the threat assessment.
- And?
- We're relocating you immediately.
It's too big a risk
to keep you in Belle Isle.
Start all over again?
No. I won't do it.
- Given your exposure, we have no choice.
- You mean, I don't have a choice.
We're trying to keep you alive.
So I can be
your star witness at Nick's trial?
Which is never gonna happen.
Because he's dead.
- You don't know that.
Nobody's seen him in years.
Not since Clara was killed.
You never saw these, did you?
They found Nick's DNA at the scene.
I'm just reminding you
what he is capable of.
Believe me, I have thought about him
every day of my phony life.
Life bought and paid for
by the federal government.
- You owe us.
- Are you kidding?
I gave up everything.
Everything!
And you let the most wanted fugitive
in the country slip through your fingers!
Maybe that's why
you had that fucking heart attack!
If Nick were around,
I would already be dead. He is long gone.
And you know it.
US Attorney's office disagrees.
So you have new information. Hmm?
I want to see it.
You want my help or not?
I'll think about it.
She has friends,
she's smiling, she--
Smiling.
- I'd say we made it out alive.
Yeah, she's okay.
Yeah.
- Shit. I forgot the candles.
- I'll go get the candles.
- I got 'em.
- You sure?
- Okay. Thank you.
- All right.
You want a beer?
No.
- Hey, Charlie.
- Afternoon.
- Can I get you a drink?
- No, I'm good.
Hey.
Aw. Thank you.
Good timing.
We're about to light the candles.
You want to stay a while?
Can we talk?
What is it?
Clara was killed.
Two days ago in Oakland.
They found her in an alley. Shot twice.
God. Oh, God.
I'm sorry.
- I know you were close.
Still waiting on forensics,
but a witness who picked out
an age-progression photo of Nick.
Says she saw him near the scene.
Our guys are turning over every rock.
He'll get away. He always does.
And Clara's wallet was missing.
So Nick could have her home address.
There's only one way to make sure
this doesn't come back on you.
We move you.
Laura. He's still out there.
What about Gordon?
He just…
He has to walk from his firm or?
We'll find work for Gordon.
But he can't practice law.
And Andy?
She goes to some strange school,
tells a bunch of lies.
Oh, God, no. I can't. It's just…
I can't fuck with their lives.
Your friend got us in.
Why do you wanna talk to him?
Jasper, I mean.
I know this whole thing
must feel pretty strange.
Why lie to me in that bar?
Why not just tell me you were a Marshal?
- I wasn't supposed to make contact.
- What were you supposed to do?
Just observe.
But you didn't.
Because you were about to get bombed
and start talking about
all this to somebody else.
That would have been a problem because?
Your mother's
a valuable government witness.
That's all I know.
You know a lot more than that.
If you are who you say you are.
I saw your truck parked on our street.
What were you doing there?
Marshals pulled me in last minute.
Charlie Bass couldn't
get there right away.
Charlie?
Yeah.
He's the lead on your mom's case.
Which I should not be telling you.
What does that mean? "Lead"?
Charlie's taken care of your mom
ever since she entered the program.
He set her up with a new identity.
He got her a job.
Made nice with her kid too.
Advice on boys.
A shoulder to cry on
when her parents split up.
The goal is to create trust.
Is that why
you're telling me about Charlie?
So I'll trust you?
NSA picked up chatter about a fugitive
crossing the Canadian border.
These were taken along
the international boundary.
Legal entry.
Not so legal.
Anybody look familiar?
If you ever leave me,
I would scorch the earth to find you.
Sorry.
- You sure?
- Mm-hmm. I'm sure.
- I want to leave the program.
- No.
- That is not happening.
- I'm done, Charlie.
I'm within my rights
to sign out at any time.
You want to walk out of here
and get yourself killed, that's up to you.
You sign out now,
and you're putting Andy's life at risk.
- And if Nick ever found her--
- He's dead.
I told you, he's dead.
I want the papers.
Now.
We're about five hours from El Paso.
I figure we get a couple hours of sleep,
hit the road in the morning,
be at that hotel before breakfast.
I'll take the couch.
You're not staying in here.
Get your own room.
- That's not how this works.
- I'm not comfortable with that.
And I'm not comfortable
with letting you out of my sight.
So… tie me up
if it'll make you feel better.
But neither of us are leaving this room.
Gonna need my gun back.
You hungry?
No.
Shower?
Can you smell me from there?
What are you doing?
It's a habit.
Look at you,
it's like you're not even a person.
No?
What am I, then?
You're like a likeness of a person.
Something I'd draw in my sketchbook.
That's right. You're an artist.
How's that working out?
Fuck you.
Edgy.
They didn't mention that.
"They"?
Yeah. Atlanta office gave me
some info on your recent activity.
Hobbies. Work.
Hooking up with your mom's nurse.
What was his name again?
Bobby, right?
So what were you doing for her?
Who?
Your mother.
Did she give you any instructions
when you left Belle Isle?
Nope.
How'd you know about the storage unit?
She gave me the key, but…
What would I be doing for her?
Forget it.
No, don't do that. You know something.
No. Just… Try your mom again.
You two can talk it out.
My mom? Who's that?
The lady who gardens and bakes casseroles,
or some daughter of a billionaire
who's been lying to me my whole life?
She was in a cancer ward ready to go
to her grave without telling me the truth.
So, no, I'm not gonna
talk it out with her.
Have it your way.
Can the likeness get a pillow?
Yeah, I'm with her.
Nah. She's asleep.
What do you want me to do with her?
- Hey!
Hey, hey! Hey. It's me.
It's me, all right? Come on.
Come on, I got you.
It's okay. Come on.
Come on.
Just breathe. Just breathe, all right?
You got it.
I keep having this dream.
I'm somewhere dark and cold.
And it's snowing.
And it smells like…
It smells like earth, I guess.
And I can see the snow through the slats.
It's all right.
I'm small… and alone.
And there's someone coming for me.
Morning.
Mind if I join you?
Thanks.
I thought you quit.
I did.
Right after that heart attack
I so richly deserved.
Quite a place.
Yeah, it's special.
Who owned this house
before you boys took it?
Some drug dealer?
Oh, I know. You can't tell me.
I can tell you he's still alive.
He stayed in the program.
When did you stop trusting me?
It's not about that.
I thought we didn't bullshit each other.
We don't.
Then talk to me.
You sent Andy away
because you were afraid of Nick.
Now is when you need me.
Now is when I help you.
You're done with Laura Oliver?
That's fine.
You can be whoever you want.
We'll move you wherever you want.
To Paris.
Vienna.
Is that why you brought me here?
So I'd want the good life again?
I brought you here
because you're too fucking stubborn
to keep yourself alive,
and I'm too old to bury you.
I have spent more of my life with you
than I have with my own family.
Holding your hand.
Keeping you safe.
Didn't work. All this.
It fucked up my marriage.
My daughter is a mess. And I am just…
disappearing.
You know, my mother
lived in a really beautiful place.
And all she wanted… was out.
Charlie.
Just let me go.
Paperwork won't be here for a while.
If you need something, ask Felix.
Where did you get this?
From my new roommate.
You should come live with us,
escape this mausoleum.
Where would we put the piano?
We'll tear out the kitchen.
How will we eat?
We'll live on music.
This new roommate, what's his name?
Nick. Nick Harp.
Is Nick more than a roommate?
No.
Nothing like that.
He's, uh…
He's just… different.
Hmm.
Different how?
Unlike the rest of Stanford,
he's not busy spending a trust fund,
or joining the Young Republicans
or the Hitler Youth.
- I want to meet him.
Dad will hate him.
Will I like him?
Oh, no.
No, definitely not.
You'll love him.
My father was…
Uh…
How should I put this?
Challenging.
He did and said
a lot of things I disagree with.
And, being a bit of a rebel,
I wasn't afraid to tell him so.
You can imagine how well that went.
The truth is…
I miss my father.
I'd do anything to bring him back.
The corporate greed
he espoused is a different matter.
I wish that had been
struck down in Oslo instead of him.
I needed to change
what our family stood for.
And I did.
I created the Queller Foundation,
to help those
who could not afford vital medications.
And over the last three decades,
we've saved thousands of lives.
When the Democrats win
the White House this fall,
we'll take care of all Americans.
Because it's the right thing to do.
Thank you.
I hope you all enjoy the book.
A real pleasure to meet you, Alex.
Thank you. And you too, Max. Thank you.
Hey, thank you all, again. Thank you.
Did we thank Hugo?
Great job.
Excuse me, Mr. Queller,
would you mind signing my book?
Of course.
And who should I make it out to?
Jane Queller.
Oh, my God.
You, uh… You look like her.
Uh, can we talk?
Cynthia, uh…
Could you escort this young woman to the…
Right this way.
Is there a problem?
Mr. Queller requested to meet with her.
That's not gonna work.
Hey, it's fine.
No, it's not.
I'll only be a few minutes.
All right.
Thank you.
Perfect. We'll talk soon.
- Can I get you anything?
- Uh, I, I'm fine. Thanks.
Would you like to sit?
Uh…
I don't, I don't think so, if that's okay?
So, um… what did she name you?
Uh, Andrea. Andy, for short.
Of course. It's, uh…
It's for our brother, Andrew.
How is she? How is Jane?
Uh, she's…
She's, uh… She's okay.
Yeah.
Hey, look, I can't imagine
what you two have been through.
Yeah.
Mm.
Do you mind?
Andrea.
Where have you been all these years?
Hey! What the fuck, man?
Shit.
Turn to
your right, please.
This is a mistake.
So, Jane. I'm Charlie Bass.
Let's talk this through one more time.
You can't live anywhere
you've ever been before,
can't so much as touch a piano.
You'll have to cut off everything
and everyone you've ever known.
Friends.
Colleagues.
I'm so glad you took me up on this.
Or your family.
My family…
have never kept me safe.